README.md, before:

# MyElixirStatus (@Crowdhailer)

**Improving my skills with elixir/erlang/beam**

### Motivation

After several months working with various languages I have decided to pick one as my new language to master.
That new language is Elixir.
Key reasons for this choice are immutable data structures only, a fantastic foundation for handling concurrency and a community that values good tools.

This repo will form the reference for all my investigation into Elixir.
It is a curated todo list of topics I want to look at (If you think I have missed any do let me know).
My goal is to use Elixir for web development as soon as possible as I think it is a great language.
I hope that by making my notes public others might be able to start web development with Elixir sooner.

### The Giant Todo

- [x] Option Monads [Blog](http://insights.workshop14.io/2015/10/18/handling-errors-in-elixir-no-one-say-monad.html) [Github](https://github.com/CrowdHailer/OK)
- [x] Plug Routing [Example](https://github.com/CrowdHailer/baobab.ex)
- [x] Plain EEX templates
- [x] File Upload with plug
- [ ] Event Sourcing
- [ ] SQL database access libraries
- [ ] Http client libraries
- [ ] Umbrella structure for bounded contexts
- [ ] CRDT's for distributed event sourcing, including offline browsers as peer
- [ ] Domain Driven Design without Objects, follow up to this [post](http://insights.workshop14.io/2015/08/20/domain-driven-design-where-the-real-value-lies.html)
- [ ] Capability Objects, follow up to this [post](http://insights.workshop14.io/2016/05/01/purify-your-programs-with-capability-objects.html)
- [ ] Mustache templates
- [ ] Email service with tuple modules
- [ ] Email letter opener in test
- [ ] Purified tests with injected logger and global activities
- [ ] Hot code uploads

Commit message:

Add typetanic and vulcanize updates for elixir dev

README.md, after:

# MyElixirStatus (@Crowdhailer)

**Improving my skills with elixir/erlang/beam**

### Motivation

After several months working with various languages I have decided to pick one as my new language to master.
That new language is Elixir.
Key reasons for this choice are immutable data structures only, a fantastic foundation for handling concurrency and a community that values good tools.

This repo will form the reference for all my investigation into Elixir.
It is a curated todo list of topics I want to look at (If you think I have missed any do let me know).
My goal is to use Elixir for web development as soon as possible as I think it is a great language.
I hope that by making my notes public others might be able to start web development with Elixir sooner.

### The Giant Todo

- [x] Option Monads [Blog](http://insights.workshop14.io/2015/10/18/handling-errors-in-elixir-no-one-say-monad.html) [Github](https://github.com/CrowdHailer/OK)
- [x] Plug Routing [Example](https://github.com/CrowdHailer/baobab.ex)
- [x] Plain EEX templates
- [x] File Upload with plug
- [ ] Event Sourcing
- [ ] SQL database access libraries
- [ ] Http client libraries
- [ ] Form objects, follow up to [vulcanize in Ruby](https://github.com/CrowdHailer/vulcanize)
- [ ] Umbrella structure for bounded contexts
- [ ] CRDT's for distributed event sourcing, including offline browsers as peer
- [ ] Dialyzer
- [ ] Domain type library, follow up to [Typtanic in Ruby](https://github.com/CrowdHailer/typetanic)
- [ ] Domain Driven Design without Objects, follow up to this [post](http://insights.workshop14.io/2015/08/20/domain-driven-design-where-the-real-value-lies.html)
- [ ] Capability Objects, follow up to this [post](http://insights.workshop14.io/2016/05/01/purify-your-programs-with-capability-objects.html)
- [ ] Mustache templates
- [ ] Email service with tuple modules
- [ ] Email letter opener in test
- [ ] Purified tests with injected logger and global activities
- [ ] Hot code uploads
